Improvements to app docs (#185)
Esri/maps-app-android: README.md

3. Contribute code
4. Improve documentation

## MDTOC

> Generation a table of contents in this repository was performed using the [MDTOC package for Atom](https://atom.io/packages/atom-mdtoc).

Reviewer: I tend to prefer the original wording since it clarifies where these TOCs can be found:

```suggestion
Generation of this and other documents' table of contents in this repository was performed using the [MDTOC package for Atom](https://atom.io/packages/atom-mdtoc).
```

or if we want to simplify it:

```suggestion
Generating table of contents for documents in this repository was performed using the [MDTOC package for Atom](https://atom.io/packages/atom-mdtoc).
```
